you know
[Music]
one of these villages like us traveling
forward through time the other one's
going backwards
can you tell which is which
how about now
[Music]
why does it feel so strange you're not
shooting the bullet
you're catching it whoa i didn't win
back in my cell
felt like hell
[Applause]
days
seems nice i invited him to the dinner
looks good with fists for a diplomate
there are people in the future who need
us
[Music]
you get something not gonna like
time isn't the problem getting out alive
what's the problem
[Music]
when i dance
well i'm going so any tips will be
welcome ain't no time i'm facing scams
what do you think we're saying
the detritus of a coming war
[Music]
you want to crash a plane well how big a
plane
that part is a little dramatic
last time it was no tennis ready pg-13
you